Update devops-start-here.md (#4062)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/devops/devops-start-here.md

  - azure-monitor
  - azure-pipelines
  - azure-devtest-labs

>   - devsecops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| [Azure Lab Services](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/lab-services) | [Azure Lab Services documentation](/azure/lab-services) | A tool for setting up and providing on-demand access to preconfigured virtual machines (VMs). |
| [Azure Monitor](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/monitor) | [Azure Monitor documentation](/azure/azure-monitor) | Provides full observability into your applications, infrastructure, and network. |
| [Azure Pipelines](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/devops/pipelines) | [Azure Pipelines documentation](/azure/devops/pipelines) | Helps you automate build and deployment by using cloud-hosted pipelines. |

>   [Azure Repos](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/devops/repos) | [Azure Repos documentation](/azure/devops/repos) | Provides unlimited, cloud-hosted private Git repos for your project and coupled with GitHub Advanced Security's powerful suite of security features. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Azure Repos](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/devops/repos) | [Azure Repos documentation](/azure/devops/repos) | Provides unlimited, cloud-hosted private Git repos for your project and can be configured to use GitHub Advanced Security. |
```

| [Azure Resource Manager](https://azure.microsoft.com/features/resource-manager) | [Azure Resource Manager documentation](/azure/azure-resource-manager) | Provides consistent deployment, organization, and control for resource management. |
| [Azure Resource Manager templates (ARM templates)](/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates/overview) | [ARM template documentation](/azure/azure-resource-manager/templates) | Templates that you can use to define the infrastructure and configuration for your project. |
| [Azure Test Plans](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/devops/test-plans) | [Azure Test Plans documentation](/azure/devops/test) | Provides planned and exploratory testing services for your apps. |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
